Documented canonical url computation changes (#696)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

## `2.24.0` -> `2.25.0`

### Updated canonical URL creation method

**Breaking**: In this version we have changed the way
`QueryHelper.filterCanonicalQueryStringParameters` compute the canonical URL
parameters, in order to better fit SEO-recommended rules (see
[Google article](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/canonicalization#:~:text=the%20results%20of%20sorting%20and%20filtering%20functions%20of%20a%20category%20page)
on this matter).

> We removed sorting from the URL parameters completely, and added a new parameter
> (`shouldQueryIncludeAdditionalParameters`) to configure whether or not
> additional filters should be included in the canonical query string parameters.
> This new parameter is defaulted to `true` for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: Based on my comment here: https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/2121#note_87169, I think this should be rephrased, because the wording makes it seems like `shouldQueryIncludeAdditionalParameters=true` is equivalent to an opt-out, but it's not, because there are other params.

Replace `XXXXX` with the action required for integrators (see [suggestion](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/2121#note_87178))

```suggestion
To opt-out of this behaviour, you can XXXXX  to configure whether or not
additional filters should be included in the canonical, please note that we removed the `sorting`, `minPrice` and `maxPrice` parameters from the canonical
```

Author: Wouldn't it be `to opt-in` instead ? Since by default the behavior did not change from previous versions ?

Author: Would something like this fit the need ? 
```suggestion
To opt-in this behaviour, you can pass a boolean as the second parameter of
`QueryHelper.filterCanonicalQueryStringParameters` to configure whether or not
additional filters should be included in the canonical. `true` (default value)
will include additional filters, and `false` will exclude them. Please note that
we removed the `sorting`, `minPrice` and `maxPrice` parameters from the
canonical.
```

Reviewer: That's much better

## `2.24.0` -> `2.25.0`

### Updated canonical URL creation method

**Breaking**: In this version we have changed the way
`QueryHelper.filterCanonicalQueryStringParameters` compute the canonical URL
parameters, in order to better fit SEO-recommended rules (see
[Google article](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/canonicalization#:~:text=the%20results%20of%20sorting%20and%20filtering%20functions%20of%20a%20category%20page)
on this matter).

> To opt-in this behaviour, you can pass a boolean as the second parameter of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To opt-in to this behaviour, you can pass a boolean as the second parameter of
```
